1. How is LLD different from HLD?
High Level Design or HLD is a general system design where we do tradeoffs between different frameworks, components, and different databases and we choose the best considering what the business needs and how the system should work, both in terms of functional and non functional aspects.

Whereas LLD(Low Level Design), translates the HLD into smaller and more specific details, It includes class diagrams, methods, data structures, and algorithms, focusing on how each part will be implemented. It is Primarily used by developers and technical teams.




2.Roadmap to form LLD from HLD?
As we know, input for framing low-level design (LLD) is (High-Level Design) HLD. For this conversion, we generally use Unified Modelling Language (UML) diagrams. Adding to these diagrams we use OOPS principles and SOLID principles and design patterns while designing. Hence, using these paradigms we can convert any HLD to LLD so as to get implemented.

In order to understand how to design any low-level diagram let us understand via the steps:
                Step 1. Object-oriented Principles
                        The user requirement is processed by using concepts of OOPS programming. Hence it is recommended to have a strong grip on OOPS concepts prior to moving ahead in designing any low-level system. Programmers should be absolutely clear about the OOPS concepts to depth right to classes, and objects because OOPS is the foundation on which low-leveling on any system is based. 

                Step 2. Process of analyzing and design
                        It is a analyzing phase which is our 1st step where we are forming real-world problems into object-world problems using OOPS concepts and SOLID principles. 

                Step 3. Design Patterns
                        Now the implementation of our above object oriented problem is carried out with the help of design patterns. Design patterns are reusable solutions to common problems encountered in software design. They provide a structured approach to design by capturing best practices and proven solutions, making it easier to develop scalable, maintainable, and efficient software.

                Step 4. UML Diagram
                        UML (Unified Modeling Language) diagrams play an important role in converting HLD to LLD. They provide a proper and clear visual representation of the components and their relationships, which helps developers significantly

                Step 5. SOLID Principles
                        These are sets of 5 principles(rules) that are strictly followed as per requirements of the system or requirements for optimal designing. In order to write scalable, flexible, maintainable, and reusable code:

                        -Single-responsibility principle (SRP)
                        -Open-closed principle (OCP)
                        -Liskov’s Substitution Principle(LSP)
                        -Interface Segregation Principle (ISP)
                        -Dependency Inversion Principle (DIP)

It's important to keep in mind that SOLID principles are just guidelines and not strict rules to be followed. The key is to strike a balance between following these principles and considering the specific needs and constraints of your business requirement.
